ECS Terraform Fargate Deployment (#127)
1Password/scim-examples: aws-terraform/ecs/README.md

# Deploying the 1Password SCIM Bridge in AWS ECS with Terraform

This document describes deploying the 1Password SCIM bridge to your Amazon Web Service Elastic Container Service Fargate using Terraform. It's just a suggested starting point - you may be using different services for different things, this example uses only AWS products. Please familiarize yourself with [Preparation.md](../../Preparation.md) before beginning.

Prerequisites

> - [terraform](https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/terraform/install-cli) and [aws-cli](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/install-cliv2.html) installed and configured

Reviewer: AWS cli is not needed, but I believe knowing how to configure authentication might be useful 

```suggestion
- [terraform](https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/terraform/install-cli)
- AWS credentials configured (either through $HOME/.aws/credentials or environment variable)
  see: [Terraform AWS authentication](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#authentication)
```

- DNS Zone in Route 53
- scimsession file and bearer token ([follow step 1 here](https://support.1password.com/scim/))
- an empty file `terraform.tfvars` in this directory

> 1. Have the scimsession file available in the same directory has the terraform code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Copy the `scimsession` file in the terraform code directory
```

> 2. Create or choose the zone you want to use and grab the Hosted zone ID and save it as dns_zone_id in terraform.tfvars. Save the full domain name you want to use as domain_name in terraform.tfvars.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. (Optional) If you use route 53, save the Route53 zone ID in the `terraform.tfvars`
3. Save the full domain name you want to use as domain_name in terraform.tfvars
```

# Deploying the 1Password SCIM Bridge in AWS ECS with Terraform

This document describes deploying the 1Password SCIM bridge to your Amazon Web Service Elastic Container Service Fargate using Terraform. It's just a suggested starting point - you may be using different services for different things, this example uses only AWS products. Please familiarize yourself with [Preparation.md](../../Preparation.md) before beginning.

Prerequisites

> - [terraform](https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/terraform/install-cli) and [aws-cli](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/install-cliv2.html) installed and configured

Author: I'm not sure if we do, but you can try it without it and let me know if it works

> - [terraform](https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/terraform/install-cli) and [aws-cli](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/install-cliv2.html) installed and configured

Reviewer: we don't just tested it

> - DNS Zone in Route 53

Author: I'm trying to take away as many manual steps as possible, but if you think it's unlikely that people will be using Route53 I can remove it

> - DNS Zone in Route 53

Reviewer 2: I'd like to suggest that we keep Route53 as a commented-out, optional section that people can enable if they need it. I've seen cases of people managing DNS externally, while some folks are full AWS shops that greatly prefer Route53 integration.

> - DNS Zone in Route 53

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- (Optional) DNS Zone in Route 53
```

- scimsession file and bearer token ([follow step 1 here](https://support.1password.com/scim/))

> - an empty file `terraform.tfvars` in this directory

Author: I made this the way I would prefer follow it, adding lines in each step. If you think this way makes more sense for more people, I can change it

> - an empty file `terraform.tfvars` in this directory

Reviewer: What I was thinking is instead of saying 'create an empty file' either, provide the file already empty or with "template"
or use locals instead of variables 

```terraform
locals  {
     # The domain you wish your SCIM bridge to be contacted over
     domain_name = FILL_THE_BLANKS
     dns_zone_id = FILL_THE_BLANKS
     aws_logs_group = FILL_THE_BLANKS
}
```

> - an empty file `terraform.tfvars` in this directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Let's already provide this file.
